[documentation] LocalPathProvisioner examples are not clear enough (#366)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/031-local-path-provisioner/docs/USAGE.md

  - system
  path: "/opt/local-path-provisioner"
```

Notes:

> - This example will create `localpath-system` storage class which **must** be used by pods for everything to work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This example will create `localpath-system` storage class which be used by prometheus pods to store data.
```

> - Volumes created by provisioner will have delete retention policy which is hardcoded ([issue](https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/issues/360))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Volumes created by provisioner will have default delete retention policy which is hardcoded ([issue](https://github.com/deckhouse/deckhouse/issues/360)).
```

> - If provisioner will be delete before claims folders will not be deleted from node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the provisioner will be deleted before claims folders will not be deleted from node.
```

> - Note that in example `system` node is used which probably will have some taints so pods **must** have corresponding tolerations

Reviewer: this isn't needed due to prometheus has tolerations for system nodes by default.
